# Library-Management-System
Library management system is a project which aims in developing a computerized system to maintain all the daily work of library.
Daily in our libraries we see many books being issued returned and circulated all this requires some systematic maintenance so the librarians keep track of the books by maintaining records of the books based on their respective classificatins.
The library managaement system program shows how the library maintains its records.It shows the names of books its collection ,no of copies,issues,returns,cost,author name,date of the withdrawal e.t.c
Our librarian maintains the details of books that are available in library, details (credentials) of users that are already member of library. Here, we need two structures to maintain these details. Library member structure contains student_id, username, password. The Book structure contains Book_ID, Title, author, number of copies, Book issued to (is a student_id who has taken copy of that book) .
The interface asks the user to enter his username and password. It verifies the credentials of that particular user. If the entered credentials are correct, it will display two options 1. Issues 2.  Returns 3. Query. Otherwise, it will display a message “wrong credentials, Please try once again”. User selects first option to get issue. The book will be issued to that student by entering Book id. If selects second option, student can return the book by entering book id.  The option three provides a querying facility to enquire about list of books issued to a particular student and a particular book issued a list of students. 
